Uncle, please take me back to the apartment
Ok miss 4
Hello
The call you made is temporarily unanswered
Please dial again later
Hello
Mr. Ji broke a news
A major car accident occurred on XX Avenue in our city
So far, it has been determined that the car accident caused two deaths and one injury
The car with license plate A666666 lost control
Collided with a truck
The car body was seriously damaged
No one in the car survived
Miss Si seems to be riding in this car
That's not possible.
If the boss fails
Kim Myung-wol wasn't in that car
The driver didn't follow our plan
Now people are dead
How do you deal with your family?
Why keep useless people?
After all, it is a dog that has been with Jin Mingyuan for more than ten years
You can understand if you have feelings for your master
Have you dealt with it all?
Of course it's all put
Give them some money to get away
If Ji Mingyuan finds it
Don't live to tell those two kids
It was Ji Mingyuan who killed their father